i
the beautiful port of Corinto was the seat of
the fourth Lenten food fair
my mind
yes
in this fair 24 participated
contestants who demonstrated their
talent in the elaboration of exquisite
saucers
in you
It is the first time that we are participating
We truly believe that we are going to win all
we want to win and what did you
motivated to participate in two things first
what really motivated me was that give
know what Corinth is good and
here there are not only beaches there are also
food there are soups so that people this one
see that there are several styles that we can
try making soups
and also be always proving that
we can engineer to get ahead or
what dish is it good that we do what
what motivated me first was that I
I participate in gastronomic fair and I
really makes a good time for you to
We have dishes as the fair is coming
gastronomic of the sea that is celebrated
now for me this is a plate
traditional of my family that we
we eat a lot of stuffing but also
we eat rice with punch
then that 's what I'm
presenting what I say that if we do
tasty dishes we have to give it to
know besides the joyful moment of the
fair to live emotional moments like the
Dona Maria Cristina López, whom the
loss of a loved one brought him
sad is I remember that was what I
motivated to participate was a loss of
wanted youtube me pau from my husband
that he always motivated me when there was
in these contests things he always
it motivated me and I never give you
I did then now to some friends
my friends and my daughter tell me remember
something don jorge because that's what the name was called
contest then why do I get
so in this happy moment that
We are truly always very sad
that I'm in my heart after the
judges stole each of the meals
the awards ceremony was given
award two of the first three places
the intur gave seven thousand córdobas to the
Mrs. Rosa Hernández who won the
first place
for details must of leana hernandez